Consolidate product marketing handbook pages into /handbook/marketing (#17314)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/marketing/slack-messaging.md

---
title: Slack messaging
sidebar: Handbook
showTitle: true
---

We share [Slack channels with many of our customers and partners](/handbook/growth/sales/slack-channels) via Slack Connect, managed through [Pylon](https://app.usepylon.com/). These channels are normally used for support and relationship building, but Pylon's **broadcast** functionality also lets us send a single message to every customer or partner Slack channel at once.

This is a powerful way to amplify [product announcements](/handbook/marketing/product-announcements) and other comms directly to the people building on PostHog, alongside our usual [email](/handbook/marketing/email-comms) and [in-app](/handbook/marketing/in-app) channels.

> > **Slack broadcasts do not reach our [PostHog Discord](https://posthog.com/questions).** The Discord community is managed by the IRL Events team, not Marketing, and is a separate audience. If you want your message to reach Discord too, coordinate with the IRL Events team.

Reviewer: The code page has a link to it but we don't really explain this anywhere. 
```suggestion
> **Slack broadcasts do not reach our [PostHog Discord](/code).** The Discord community is managed by the IRL Events team, not Marketing, and is a separate audience. If you want your message to reach Discord too, coordinate with the IRL Events team.
```

## When to use a Slack broadcast

> Broadcasts go to every shared customer and partner channel, so they're best reserved for messages that are genuinely relevant to that whole audience. Good candidates include:

Reviewer: I feel like some note about the scale of these channels (doesn't need to be exact) would be helpful 
```suggestion
Broadcasts go to every (100+) shared customer and partner channel, so they're best reserved for messages that are genuinely relevant to that whole audience. Good candidates include:
```

Reviewer 2: It's also a bit confusing in that you can select which channels the broadcast goes to, you don't have to send it to everyone. (As then you can deselect the ones sales folks say 'no don't message them')

We have over 600 customer channels now.
